Less than half a kilometer from <a href=http://www.hotels-in-vietnam.com/asia/vietnam/ho_chi_minh_saigon_hotels/liberty_central_riverside_hotel.html>Liberty Central Saigon Riverside Hotel</a> is Ben Thanh Market. The Opera House is a 15-minute walk away and it takes 20 minutes to walk to the Notre Dame Cathedral of Saigon. Tan Son Nhat International Airport is 5.6 km from the hotel. Make yourself at home in one of the 62 air-conditioned rooms featuring refrigerators and minibars. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and LCD televisions are provided for your entertainment. Private bathrooms with showers feature complimentary toiletries and hair dryers. Conveniences include safes and desks, and housekeeping is provided daily. Experience high quality room facilities, including television LCD screen, satellite/cable TV, desk, in room safe, wireless internet access, to help you recharge after a long day. The Liberty Central Riverside hotel's massage, outdoor pool, fitness center, steamroom, spa are ideal places to relax and unwind after a busy day. When you are looking for comfortable and convenient accommodations in Ho Chi Minh City, make the hotel your home away from home.
Guests can satisfy their palates with delicious international dishes and Vietnamese favourites throughout our four dining facilities. We offer indoor or poolside drinks and dining, with menus that promise a delight in each bite. Located on the first floor overlooking the romantic Saigon River, guests will find dishes ranging from across the continents. Offering buffet or à la carte, our Central Restaurant is an ideal place to entertain partners, friends or visiting relatives. The restaurant accommodates up to 120 guests amidst contemporary design. Our outdoor rooftop pool overlooks the Saigon River into the far reaches of District 2. Planning a meeting? This hotel has 3 meeting rooms, as well as a business center. The lobby has a TV in it to keep you occupied while you're waiting. Other amenities include dry cleaning/laundry, an elevator (lift) and concierge services.
